As the world was being covered in ash, one man appeared.
He would later be called Raffles I.
Raffles took his disciples and left on a journey in search of light.
At the end of his journey, he found an "unsullied flame,"
and brought forth the light that would be mankind's salvation.
Here.
Granddad, Pop, I brought your favorite sodas.
The tops are opened, so you don't have to worry about them spraying out.
The two of you are gone, so it's three times as much work for me.
But since you brought me up to be tough, I'm managing somehow.
Once I decide to do something, it's surprising how well I can do it.
Also, I have some people helping me.
My new family.
Whew.
Vulcan!
Please check my prototype.
Oh, Yu, you put this together pretty well.
Thank you very much!
All that's left is... Something's left?
Whoa! Huh?!
Aw, it's still not good enough.
If you smash it that hard, of course it's not!
You dumbass. Some things in this world can't break, no matter what.
Like what?
Ships and cars. People would be in danger if they broke down, right?
Then there's Amaterasu.
Everlasting perpetual power generation. It never stops, and never breaks down.
Awesome, right? If it did break down, it would be an empire-wide disaster.
Val! Yu! Dinner's ready.
Lisa, you made something else that's indestructible, huh?
It's food. Don't hold back, just dig in.
Thank you for this food.
"All things must pass." It's said that anything with form falls apart someday.
I wonder if people's feelings and bonds have a form.
Do families fall apart in time?
Pop and Granddad died, and my family was broken up.
Then again, even dead, we're still a family. Those bonds don't break.
I want to build those bonds, the kinds that don't break!
"Episode 16: We Are Family"
Dr. Giovanni is out to take Vulcan's life?
I don't know the reason why, but that's what I felt.
The captain of the 3rd was here trying to recruit Vulcan-san, right?
Why would he be out for his life?
It might have something to do with his history with Haijima.
Even if you tell Vulcan about this, do you think he'll believe you?
I mean, I don't even believe it.
Does this have something to do with the "Adolla Burst"
that you mentioned right afterward?
Adolla Burst... Adolla Link...
It happened at Asakusa, too. It was too distinct for it to be a mere hunch,
almost like I was hearing someone's voice.
Moreover, it was real.
I can't afford to let this intuition pass by, either.
Sister, you and Arthur go back to the workshop and tell Vulcan he's in danger.
Right.
What are you going to do?
I don't know if we're dealing with just Dr. Giovanni, or Company 3.
Still, the other side won't know that we're here, too.
If I can ascertain the enemy's movements from a high vantage point,
we can make the first move.
Arthur, you and I are the only ones who can fight. It's up to you.
Wait! Say that one more time!
Kill everyone in the workshop.
In this day and age, there are Infernals, fires...
...any number of causes of death available.
--Yes, sir. --Yes, sir.
Hold up.
Get rid of those false clothes.
--As you command. --As you command.
--Faithfulness to the Evangelist. --Faithfulness to the Evangelist.
You say Dr. Giovanni is going to kill me?
I'm the one who resents him enough to kill him! Why should he come after me?
Well, um...
It's kind of like we heard it! That's what it was like!
I thought you were a little strange to be Fire Soldiers,
but are you also using ridiculous threats to get me to come with you?
You really don't have any idea why?
You have some kind of history with Haijima, right?
Like I said, I'm the one who has the beef with them!
Ah! Vulcan!
The back way is surrounded, too.
All for me? This is way out of proportion.
He let that big a force get by unnoticed?
What is Shinra doing?!
It's so quiet.
I thought things seemed unusual at the workshop.
The folks from the 8th are here, are they?
I wasn't counting on that.
Damn it, who's there?
Where are you?!
That's the 8th's rookie who possesses an Adolla Burst.
I'll capture him and take him to the Evangelist.
What?!
They're flying it by controlling the booster in the wrist.
They're a second generation?
Just follow the wire...
They're gone.
Ow!
What kind of monster are you? This is two million volts of current.
Okay then...
Your friends at the workshop are now meeting the same fate that you are.
What...?
"Is the enemy behind that tree? What if they aren't?"
"Is there only one of them? Or several?"
"Do I feint and see what happens?"
When you don't consider every possibility, you make mistakes.
But you picked the wrong opponent. Running away was the right call.
Sometimes it's necessary to look twice before you leap.
This is Dr. Giovanni.
I just found an unexpected bonanza. Requesting retrieval.
Yeah, that's right. The man with the Adolla Burst.
This will bring us one step closer to salvation of the world
by the grace of the Evangelist.
All that remains is to get the key that Vulcan has.
You're Fire Soldiers, right? Do something.
I don't have the gear I need to use my ability.
Also, I don't feel very knightly right now, so I can't get going.
If I don't feel knightly, I can't use my ability.
Huh?
Without something more swordly, this is all the firepower I have.
Something more swordly would raise my firepower.
I am the Knight King, Arthur Boyle!
The more I look the part of a knight, the stronger my ability becomes!
That's why I am a knight!
I could tell at first glance, but you really are dumb, huh?
In short, If I make you more knightly, you'll get stronger, right?
Knightly... Knightly...
A horse?
Mirage, wait here and keep the perimeter in place.
Got it.
I'll go take out the people inside.
Vulcan, is putting blue sheeting over him going to be enough?
He went out there happy. It all depends on how he feels. Who am I to say?
Here goes.
Silver!
Then again, that's not a horse, it's a donkey, right?
It's asking an awful lot to call him a knight looking like that.
It is my mission from the king to protect the princess
and the other VIPs in that water mill.
I cannot allow you to pass.
You're not from the workshop, are you?
Arthur-san's sword flame is stronger than usual.
Huh? You're kidding, right?
High-ho, Silver!
By the providence of the Round Table!
Ex-- --caliver!
Wh-What was that?!
My shimmers...!
So your army was a bunch of flimsy paper dolls?
No one told us there was a man like this here other than those in the workshop.
Who the hell are you?!
I am the Knight King, Arthur! Second Class Fire Soldier of Company 8!
I'll eliminate you if you interfere.
The will of his flame is strong. Don't get sloppy.
That idiot is ridiculously strong, isn't he?
The Knight King is one with his steed! You cannot stop us!
No matter how many of you there are, I will not allow you to pass!
You look ridiculous, but what firepower.
Hmph, my appearance looks unusual to you, villain?
Fakes!
--I'm telling you, this won't work. --I'm telling you, this won't work.
--Who is this oddly-dressed person? --Who is this oddly-dressed person?
It's you.
--Huh? --Huh?
--Th-That's... me...? --Th-That's... me...?
This isn't knightly.
On closer look, Silver, you're...
...not a horse, but a donkey, aren't you?
Ah! Vulcan, the magic has been dispelled!
S-Silver!
What's your deal? Are you messing with us?
Do you think I'd mess around when my beloved horse has been killed?
His firepower has dropped off considerably.
You'll pay for this.
The folks surrounding the rear have disappeared, too.
Lisa! Yu! Now's your chance! You're getting out through the back way!
You there, from the 8th, pair up with her. Take her someplace safe.
Vulcan-san, what about you?
I'm the one they're after, right? You don't have any reason to stay with me.
No way! I'm not just going to leave you here and run away, Vul!
Vulcan, you should escape with us!
We're family, aren't we?
He may be an idiot, but I can't run and leave the guy fighting for me behind.
Why are they after you?
I can't go along with this unless I know why.
I don't know. Except that Haijima has taken everything from our family.
Our family, and our technology.
Technology?
Yeah, that's right. The culmination of the technology
that my forefathers spent so much of their time and pride to create.
My forefathers are the ones who built Amaterasu.
There's something I made for an occasion like this out back.
You can get away using it.
Even separated, we're an indestructible family.
Vulcan...
Sister, I hate to do this, but look after these two.
Weak as I am, I'm still a Fire Soldier. Leave it to me!
What are you doing...?
Lisa-san, what are you doing?
Yu, keep quiet.
Don't move!
Try anything funny and I'll kill him.
It wasn't a coincidence that you took me in back then.
Wh-What?
It was all so I could sneak in and find a certain something.
Hand over the key to Amaterasu.
The key to Amaterasu? Lisa, what are you talking about?
I am a servant of the Evangelist.
You say you want to build something that won't break?
It was broken to begin with--
playing house like we were.
O-Oh, no... It's not true...
Lisa-san, please stop!
Giovanni is heading this way.
If you don't tell me where the key is, he'll kill you.
What is this, Lisa? Are you concerned about me?
Just how gullible are you?
Wrong again!
Damn it!
Don't let anyone in.
Very well.
You're not getting past me!
The shoe is on the other foot now.
You're the one who can't get near the workshop.
Lisa, stand down. I'll take it from here.
Vulcan, you can die after you tell me where the key is, or you can die now.
Choose.
Giovanni...
Lisa was here undercover to search for the key to Amaterasu.
Gullible people don't suspect others, so they get tricked.
You should learn to look twice before you leap.
Was it fun to play house with Lisa?
Was that really the reason why you came to my workshop?
Your foolishness must be handed down generationally.
Everyone in your family line was pathetically gullible.
Appeal to your emotions, and you're quickly fooled.
Your old man was the same way.
Generation after generation of deceived fools.
However, when it came to Amaterasu, at least, they were cautious.
They did look twice before leaping with the key to Amaterasu.
I'm not hiding anything, and I don't have anything!
Was that child a part of your little make-believe family?
Stop!
Where is the key to Amaterasu?
Damn you, Giovanni!
Well? Do you remember now?
Yu! Yu!
Yu-san!
It's a life-threatening wound, but there may still be time if you act now.
Stop this, already! Save Yu, now!
You're the one who hurt him. You didn't tell me what I want to know.
Where is the key?
What do you mean, key? I have no way of knowing!
Please, don't take anything more from us.
I have made careful arrangements, stopped your supply of materials,
been especially cordial in recruiting you,
and sent in Lisa undercover.
I have looked, and looked, and looked, and looked, and looked,
and looked, and looked, and looked, and looked, and looked,
and looked, and looked, and looked, and looked before I leapt.
Do you really not know?! Damn you, Vulcan!
As dumb as you all are, you hid the key, and that's why this is happening!
Your whole family is a rotten mass of technology, talent, and gullibility!
Damn you, Giovanni... I'll kill you!
I have looked, and looked, and looked, and looked, and looked,
and looked, and looked, and looked, and looked for that key!
I should have leapt, and leapt, and leapt, and leapt, and leapt,
and leapt, and leapt, and leapt, and leapt, and leapt, and leapt,
and leapt on you to make you talk!
Does he really not know where it is?
He treasures these worthless pieces of junk so much.
Stop... that...
It's breaking...
It's broken...
"To be continued"
"Next time"
"Episode 17: Black and White and Gray"